detesthis==>detest his
unconnectedpetal==>unconnectedpetal
rareprivilege==>rareprivilege
assitance==>assitance
explainto==>explain to
constitooents==>constitooents
cartels==>cartels
amusechildren==>amusechildren
kingsborough==>kingsborough
verybla==>verybla
soundnational==>sound national
ideasthey==>ideas they
havebeheld==>have beheld
trumpis==>trump is
francesjac==>francesjac
jiren==>jiren
amongamericans==>among americans
noregretful==>noregretful
contumacity==>contumacity
instructedits==>instructed its
churchesare==>churches are
soundsince==>sound since
morefavorably==>more favorably
indulgentfather==>indulgentfather
heliades==>heliades
southwent==>south went
issettele==>issettele
platformno==>platform no
remitand==>remit and
senatoradmits==>senatoradmits
whitesolemnly==>white solemnly
otherheathen==>other heathen
submarinetelegraphs==>submarinetelegraphs
grundexpired==>grundexpired
newpoet==>new poet
stockjob==>stockjob
andpomp==>and pomp
clausetouching==>clausetouching
nowpleasing==>now pleasing
goldplate==>goldplate
bedwell==>be dwell
lecturrs==>lecturrs
boatehok==>boatehok
ashbyvowed==>ashbyvowed
somewhatinco==>somewhatinco
disclaimedthe==>disclaimed the
cordons==>cordons
wanamakerwas==>wanamaker was
travelthrough==>travel through
animateddebate==>animateddebate
staatszeitung==>staatszeitung
pipesand==>pipes and
bucket==>bucket
betweenbenjamin==>between benjamin
whilist==>whilist
thusconstructed==>thus constructed
hideyo==>hideyo
coniguing==>coniguing
fifteencommonwealths==>fifteencommonwealths
fragging==>fragging
nationaluniform==>national uniform
creater==>creater
jawsof==>jaws of
superiortea==>superior tea
protectectionof==>protectectionof
shubby==>shubby
responsibilitytherefor==>responsibilitytherefor
soldieresses==>soldieresses
whollydestitute==>whollydestitute
solelythe==>solely the
powerfullywith==>powerfully with
realvariation==>realvariation
honkerwill==>honkerwill
empoweredby==>empowered by
americantypes==>american types
wetook==>we took
sliwer==>sliwer
almostforget==>almost forget
fathersll==>fathers ll
andkansas==>and kansas
groundsshrieking==>groundsshrieking
tarletons==>tarletons
exhaustingtheir==>exhausting their
nineteeninsurrections==>nineteeninsurrections
furnham==>furnham
fourrepublican==>four republican
ofpeacock==>of peacock
hollyrose==>hollyrose
cuange==>cuange
pledgable==>pledgable
vianaries==>vianaries
herexclamations==>her exclamations
waitingthe==>waiting the
principalreason==>principal reason
eachit==>each it
formanly==>for manly
facé==>facé
wastranslated==>was translated
severalconfusion==>several confusion
stringlook==>string look
